Shreyan (#6)
bitprj/BitHeroesS20: blogp2.md

> #### Have you ever wanted to get data from a form, process this data, and then use this data for your own use? Data analysis is a crucial step in many businesses, and fortunately we can use a simple Azure logic app and some HTML code to achieve complex refinement of masses of form data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Have you ever wanted to get data from a form, process this data, and then use it? Data analysis is a crucial step in many businesses, and fortunately, we can use a simple Azure logic app and some HTML code to achieve complex refinement of masses of form data. 
```
remove both tautologies

Author: Done

Here’s a brief visual overview of the components of our project:

> ![Flowchart](https://github.com/11301858/callcenterapp/blob/master/tutorial/p2images/1.png)

Reviewer: I'd recommend labeling your arrows, I have no idea what each of them represents, are sending/requesting, or how they're doing it

Remove the watermark if you can, not sure what tool you're using to make this flowchart

Author: The data and triggers between each of the steps are specified later in the blog. My purpose was to provide a general overview of the project structure without getting too much into the details. 

The "Dropzone.js" logo is not a watermark. I am using dropzone.js, which is a javascript file, to connect the HTML Webform and Azure Blob Storage.

> Part 1 of this tutorial focuses on the HTML Webform and Azure Storage Blob, while Part 2 discusses Azure Logic Apps and the Outlook API. The tutorial closes by suggesting possible add-ons. 

Reviewer: if this is part 1, I would recommend naming the files appropriately, making blogp1 -> blogp0, 2 -> 1, 3 -> 2

Author: Done

You are looking at Part 1 of this tutorial. 

The first thing we want to do is to create the working directory where our code will go. Open your text editor or folder system and create a new folder. Name this folder “CallCenterProject Directory”. 
 
![Flowchart](https://github.com/11301858/callcenterapp/blob/master/tutorial/p2images/2.png)
 
Your folder should look something like this:

![](https://github.com/11301858/callcenterapp/blob/master/tutorial/p2images/3.png)
 
Right now, your folder is empty, but we will be putting our html code in this directory.
After you have created your folder, open it as a directory from within your text editor. 

![](https://github.com/11301858/callcenterapp/blob/master/tutorial/p2images/4.png)

You should be prompted to choose a working directory. Select the folder you just created, “CallCenterProject Directory” and click “Open”. 
At this stage, you should be seeing something similar to the following

![](https://github.com/11301858/callcenterapp/blob/master/tutorial/p2images/5.png)
 
Now it’s time to create the html webform to get the data. 

> In your text editor, create a new file. Name it as index.html.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your text editor, create a new file. Name it "index.html".
```

![](https://github.com/11301858/callcenterapp/blob/master/tutorial/p2images/6.png)
 

> Enter the html code for your webform on this page. Sample html code has been provided below. Feel free to customize the code to your needs. Citation to Bit Project at the top of your code would be appreciated. 

Reviewer: give at least a high-level overview of what this code is doing, what it is (a form of some sort that sends X?), or something guiding people here so they understand what part of the app this is fulfilling.

                            <option value="4">CallCenter 4</option>
                            <option value="other">Other</option>
                        </select>
                    </div>
                </div>
                <div class="row">
                    <div class="col-25">
                        <label for="subject">Comment</label>
                    </div>
                    <div class="col-75">
                        <textarea id="subject" name="Comment" placeholder="Write something.." style="height:200px"></textarea>
                    </div>
                </div>
                <div class="row">
                    <input type="submit" value="Submit Identifier Info and Call Statistics.">
                </div>
                </div>
                </ul>
    </form>
    <h5>© Shreyan 2020 </h5>
  <script>
  submitMessage.onsubmit = async (e) => {
    e.preventDefault();

    let response = await fetch('<Your link>', {
      method: 'POST',
      body: new FormData(submitMessage)
    });

    let result = await response.json();

    alert(result.message);
  };

</script>
</body>

</html>
````

> Create another file in your text editor and name it style.css. Enter the following styling information on that page:

Reviewer: same as above, explain why this code needs to be here, what it's doing, something

}

tr:nth-child(even) {
  background-color: #dddddd;
}

dd{
  position: relative;
  font-family: sans-serif;
  text-transform: uppercase;
  font-size: 1em;
  letter-spacing: 4px;
  overflow: hidden;
  background: linear-gradient(90deg, #000, #fff, #000);
  background-repeat: no-repeat;
  background-size: 80%;
  animation: animate 3s linear infinite;
  -webkit-background-clip: text;
  -webkit-text-fill-color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0);
}

dl{
  margin-left:5%;
}
````

This is what you should see now:

![](https://github.com/11301858/callcenterapp/blob/master/tutorial/p2images/7.png)
 
Open your HTML file on your web browser to make sure you like how your web form looks. 
Using the suggested html and css, the webpage looks like the following:

![](https://github.com/11301858/callcenterapp/blob/master/tutorial/p2images/8.png)
 
You can always change the form fields and the format as you see fit. 

Try filling out the form and clicking the “Submit” button. Since the website is not hosted by any server, nothing will happen after you fill out the form yet. 

The next step is to host this website using Azure and send the form data as a text file in json format to Blob Storage. 

> Begin by navigating to the Azure Portal. Search for Logic Apps on the top menu, and select it. If you don’t see it, click “Create a Resource”. 

Reviewer: the description is fine but add a link to the portal directly

![](https://github.com/11301858/callcenterapp/blob/master/tutorial/p2images/9.png)

Search for “Logic App”. 

> ![](https://github.com/11301858/callcenterapp/blob/master/tutorial/p2images/10.png)

Reviewer: if "Azure Logic Apps should be the first option that comes up", make the screenshot reflect that...

Azure Logic Apps should be the first option that comes up. Click on it, and you will be directed to the following page:
 
![](https://github.com/11301858/callcenterapp/blob/master/tutorial/p2images/11.png)

Click “Create”. 

![](https://github.com/11301858/callcenterapp/blob/master/tutorial/p2images/12.png)
 

> Before you can fully deploy your Azure Logic App, you need to specify your subscription, resource group, and location. The resource group is the directory in which your project will be in. Fill out all of the information accordingly, and then click “Review + Create”. 

Reviewer: "Fill out all of the information accordingly" needs some clarity here, explain what you put into each field or how to figure out what to type there.

> Make sure you fill out all the required information (demarcated by a red asterisk) before you proceed. After you do so, you will be redirected to a page that looks like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you fill out all the required information before you proceed. After you do so, you will be redirected to a page that looks like the following:
```
unnecessary

![](https://github.com/11301858/callcenterapp/blob/master/tutorial/p2images/13.png)

The page details some starters and templates you can use. For the purpose of this project, scroll down and select “Blank Logic App”. 

![](https://github.com/11301858/callcenterapp/blob/master/tutorial/p2images/14.png)
 
Then, navigate to the main page of your logic app. The top menu should look as follows. 

![](https://github.com/11301858/callcenterapp/blob/master/tutorial/p2images/15.png)
 
Click “Edit”. You will be directed to the logic apps designer. 

> ![](https://github.com/11301858/callcenterapp/blob/master/tutorial/p2images/16.png)

Reviewer: this image isn't loading... update link or file

 
Right now, you don’t have any blocks in the designer. To get started, click on “Code View” in the top menu. You should see some code already put there for you. 
Navigate back to the Azure Portal. Click “Create a Resource” again. This time, search up “Storage account”. 

![](https://github.com/11301858/callcenterapp/blob/master/tutorial/p2images/17.png)
 
 Click “Create” and again fill out the necessary information. You would want your storage account to be in the same directory as your logic app. Your storage account needs to be V2 (default). 
After creating your storage account, go to it and you will see the following:

![](https://github.com/11301858/callcenterapp/blob/master/tutorial/p2images/18.png)
 
Click “Containers” and add one. 

![](https://github.com/11301858/callcenterapp/blob/master/tutorial/p2images/19.png)
 
Name it as you see fit, and make it private. 

After you’ve created the container, open it up and upload the index.html and css files by clicking the upload icon on the top menu. 

Go to the left navigation bar and search for “Static Website”.  Enable it if it hasn’t been already, and copy the link. 

> Create a new container. In this container, you will send your form data. 

Reviewer: this is a lot of steps back to back without a screenshot, might recommend something in the middle here to check for progress

Now, go back to your logic app. Use the following blocks in the order provided. The blocks have been renamed for documentation purposes. When prompted, search for the block in the menu, and click the appropriate option. More details on what to put inside the blocks will be provided later. 

> <p align="center">

Reviewer: This is a lot of information to throw at readers in succession here, I might say just to start with the first screenshot and say "this is where we're headed..." instead of dumping the info on them right before saying goodbye
